Minor: Tracing tool is in the Snapping toolbar (#5393)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/editing_geometry_attributes.rst

process as you no longer need to manually place all the vertices during
digitization:

> #. Enable the |tracing| :sup:`Tracing` tool (inside the Snapping toolbar) by pushing the icon or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Enable the |tracing| :sup:`Tracing` tool (in the :guilabel:`Snapping` toolbar)
   by pushing the icon or
```
